fix(cli): rename libs to initializers, always use init as func (#364)
latticexyz/mud: guides/getting_started.md

This file is the source of truth for MUD's deployment tools.
If a component or system is not included, it is not deployed, even if it is placed in the `components` or `systems` directory.

`libs` are optional. After components and systems are deployed, libs will be called with `IWorld` as the sole argument, e.g. `LibInitData.init(world)`.

> Libs should be in the `libraries` directory.

Reviewer: We should probably add more context to answer the "why" behind this: what is this useful for?

> `initializers` are optional libraries. After components and systems are deployed, `init` function of each initializer will be called with `IWorld` as the sole argument, e.g. `LibInitData.init(world)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `initializers` field in the `deploy.json` file allows the specification of libraries that implement a function named `init` which takes a single argument `IWorld`. This `init` function is executed after the deployment of the world, components, and systems, as part of the deployment process (e.g. `LibInitData.init(world)`).
```

      "name": "IncrementSystem",
      "writeAccess": ["CounterComponent"]
    }
  ],

>   "libs": [{ "name": "LibInitData", "func": "init" }]

Reviewer: It'd be nice to change `libs` to `libraries` to match the directory name (and the verbosity of `components` and `systems`) above. And maybe `func` -> `function` or just ~always default to `init` and make it not configurable?

Another thought is an `initializers` key to make it clear what they're for:
```json
{
  "initializers": ["LibInitData"]
}
```
